"Waste no tears over the grieves of yesterday." - Euripides
"In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer." - Albert Camus
"Now is the time. Needs are great, but your possibilities are greater." - Bill Blackman
"Failure is the line of least persistence." - W.A. Clarke
"I want freedom for the full expression of my personality." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action." - Benjamin Disraeli
"It is a bad plan that admits of no modification." - Publilius Syrus
"Our intention creates our reality." - Wayne Dyer
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
"If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade." - Tom Peters
"A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." - Bob Dylan
"Your attitude is more important that your aptitude." - Zig Ziglar
"Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently." - William A. Ward
"Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest." - Mark Twain
"All that glitters is not gold." - Shakespeare
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make a mistake." - Elbert Hubbard
"What we have learned from others becomes our own reflection." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Failure is nature's plan to prepare you for great responsibilities." - Napoleon Hill
"If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it." - Jonathan Winters
"Words are only painted fire; a book is the fire itself." - Mark Twain
"I never did a day's work in my life- it was all fun." - Thomas Edison
"I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity." -  John D. Rockefeller
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished. If you're alive, it isn't." - Richard Bach
"It is through cooperation, rather than conflict, that your greatest successes will be derived." - Ralph Charell
"Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into." -Wayne Dyer
"It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses, we must plant more roses." - George Eliot
"Joy is what happens when we allow ourselves to recognise how good things really are." - Marianne Williamson
"When the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, it may be that they take better care of it there." - Cecil Selig
"The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." - Michael Althsuler
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Kites rise highest against the wind - not with it." - Winston Churchill
"Talent develops in tranquillity, character in the full current of human life." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement." - Nelson Mandela
"One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody." - Mother Teresa
"What is not started today is never finished tomorrow." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit." - Napoleon Hill
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"A great man shows his greatness by the way he treats little men." - Thomas Carlyle
"People are just about as happy as they make up their minds to be." - Abraham Lincoln
"If we are together nothing is impossible. If we are divided all will fail." - Winston Churchill
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." - Albert Einstein
"Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do." - Voltaire
"Start by doing what is necessary, then do what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible." - St. Francis of Assisi
"Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway." - Mary Kay Ash
"All glory comes from daring to begin." - Eugene F. Ware
"If you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory." - William Hazlitt
"Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you act." - Leonard Cohen
"Where your talents and the needs of the world cross lies your calling." - Aristotle
"How far that little candle throws his beams. So shines a good deed in a weary world." - Shakespeare
"Knowledge is power." - Francis Bacon
"A man should make all he can, and give all he can." - Nelson Rockefeller
"Improve your spare moments and they will become the brightest gems in your life." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime." - Lao Tzu
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." -  Maya Angelou
"I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary." - Lou Holtz
"A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination." - Nelson Mandela
"Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time." - Jim Rohn
"Time sets the stage; fate writes the script; but only we may choose our character." - Liam Thomas Ryder
"Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough." - Robert Heller
"You are the only person on earth who can use your ability." - Zig Ziglar
"You will find the key to success under the alarm clock." - Benjamin Franklin
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavour." - Truman Capote
"The greatest thing in the world is to know how to be one's own self." - Montaigne
"Confidence is a plant of slow growth in an aged bosom: youth is the season of credulity." - William Pitt
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." -  Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to  new beginnings." - Ralph Blum
"It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult." - Seneca
"Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement." - C. S. Lewis
"The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important." - Martin Luther King
"Do not bring me your successes; they weaken me. Bring me your problems; they strengthen me." - Anonymous
"To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." - Elbert Hubbard
"Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped." - African Proverb
"I've experienced many terrible things in my life, a few of which actually happened." - Mark Twain
"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough." - Mario Andretti
"What keeps me going is goals." - Mahummaad Ali
"You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through." - Rosalynn Carter
"The ability to honestly and quietly reflect on one's life is one of the most powerful tools for personal growth." - Richard Carlson
"Fortune favours the brave." - Publius Terence
"If you want a quality, act as if you already had it." - William James
"If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." - Jim Rohn
"Only you can control your future." - Dr. Seuss
"In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet." -  Albert Schweitzer
"Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow." - Norman Vincent Peale
"You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong." - Warren Buffett
"Without a sense of urgency, desire loses its value." - Jim Rohn
"Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there." - Zig Ziglar
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
"Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy." - Robert Half
"A year from now you may wish you had started today." - Karen Lamb
"Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school." - Albert Einstein.
"The full use of your powers along lines of excellence." - John F. Kennedy
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Rohn
"The greatest danger in times of turbulence is not the turbulence; it is to act with yesterday's logic." - Peter Drucker
"When the fight begins within himself, a man's worth something." - Robert Browning
"For success, attitude is equally as important as ability." - Harry F. Banks
"Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment." - Lao Tsu
"The real leader has no need to lead; he is content to point the way." - Henry Miller
"We know accurately only when we know little, with knowledge doubt increases." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle." - Einstein
"We are what we think. With our thoughts we make our world." - Buddha
"Delay always breeds danger." - Miguel de Cervantes
"To change one's life; Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly. No exceptions." - William James
"To create something you must be something." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows." - Aristotle Onassis
"You must not only aim right, but draw the bow with all your might." - Henry David Thoreau
"A man with no imaginations has no wings." - Muhammad Ali
"All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up." - Pablo Picasso
"Pursue worthy aims." - Anna Cummins
"That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well." - Abraham Lincoln
"The more elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate." - Joseph Priestley.
"People don't resist change. They resist being changed!" - Peter Senge
"Your assumptions are your windows on the world.  Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in." - Isaac Asimov
"Nothing, not even sheer ability, can make up for the dedication required for a successful business career." - Ray Eppert
"Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought." - Jonathan Swift
"When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves." - Confucius
"A person can succeed at anything for which there is enthusiasm." - Charles M. Schwab
"For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The best way to teach people is by telling a story." - Kenneth Blanchard
"If you're not sure where you are going, you're liable to end up someplace else." - Robert F. Mager
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. - Arthur Ashe
"To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with." - Mark Twain
"If I look at the masses, I will never act. If I look at the one, I will." - Mother Theresa
"Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent." - Calvin Coolidge
"Champions aren't made in gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them . A desire, a dream, a vision." - Muhammed Ali
"Great works are performed, not by strength, but by perseverance." - Samuel Johnson
"The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs." - Henry Ford.
"Nothing is more damaging to you than to do something that you believe is wrong." - Abraham
"It's not what happens to you it's what you do about it that makes the difference." - Wilson Mitchell.
"Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work." - Peter Drucker.
"If you want a place in the sun, you have to put up with a few blisters." - Abigail Van Buren
"Everything has changed, except our way of thinking." - Albert Einstein
"Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision." - Peter Drucker
"In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
"Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star." William Clement Stone
"You have brains in your head. Your feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose." - Dr. Seuss
"Our aspirations are our possibilities." - Robert Browning
"Be not simply good; be good for something." - Henry David Thoreau
"Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better." - Jim Rohn
"My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there." - Charles Kettering
"Discontent is the first step in the progress of a man or a nation." - Oscar Wilde
"To lose patience is to lose the battle." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Any fool can criticise, complain, condemn, and most fools do." - Anonymous
"Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all." - Dwight Eisenhower
"Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life." - Confucius
"Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak." - Epictetus
"Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"Make each day your masterpiece." - John Wooden
"Not failure, but low aim, is a crime." - James Russell Lowell
"At the centre of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want." - Lao Tsu
"Create your future from your future, not from your past." - Werner Erhard
"I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the more it begins to make sense." - Harold S. Kushner
"The teacher is like the candle which lights others in consuming itself." - Giovanni Ruffini
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality." - Les Brown
"Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt."  - Shakespeare
"Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you." -  Rob Gilbert
"There is nothing impossible to him who will try." - Alexander the Great
"There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose." - William M. Bulger
"A leader has the vision and conviction that a dream can be achieved. He inspires the power and energy to get it done." - Ralph Lauren
"Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise." - Benjamin Franklin
"I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter." - Walt Disney
"Persistent questioning and healthy inquisitiveness are the first requisite for acquiring learning of any kind." - Gandhi
"The only time you mustn't fail is the last time you try." - Charles F. Kettering
"The journey is the reward." - Chinese Proverb
"Anyone who angers you conquers you." - Elizabeth Kenny
"You must do the thing you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"A person is a success if they get up in the morning and gets to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." - Bob Dylan
"You can do it if you believe you can!" - Napoleon Hill
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time." - Barack Obama
"Life has no limitations, except e ones you make." - Les Brown
"Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old." - Franz Kafka
"Strong, deeply rooted desire is the starting point of all achievement." - Napoleon Hill
"Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them." - Hugh Miller
"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement." - Henry Ford
"Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart." - Alan Alda
"Every exit is an entry somewhere else." -Tom Stoppard
"Forget the times of your distress, but never forget what they taught you." - Herbert Gesser
"An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox." - Lao Tzu
"A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything." - Donald Kircher
"Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome." - Samuel Johnson
"Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify." - Henry David Thoreau
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." - Napoleon Hill
"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love." - Rumi
"It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom." - Mahatma Gandhi
"To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it." - Confucius
"Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him." - James Allen
"I began learning long ago that those who are happiest are those who do the most for others." - Booker T. Washington
"The measure of a man is the way he bears up under misfortune." -  Plutarch
"Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." - Antoine de Saint Exupery
"The future depends on what we do in the present." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Need and struggle are what excite and inspire us." - William James
"A fool despises good counsel, but a wise man takes it to heart." - Confucius
