RT @sixthformpoet: However lonely you feel, you're never alone. [There are literally millions of bugs, mites and bacteria living in your ho…
I've been waiting for the bus so long, someone just stapled a lost cat flyer to my chest.
I went ahead and broke all my New Year's resolutions early so I could get on with enjoying the rest of the year.

Who's got donuts?!?
RT @WhirledRecord: The last chapter of every book should just be all the characters acting completely terrified because their world is abou…
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century?
Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
RT @MrBigFists: I always knew that I could never be a lawyer because of my inability to pass a bar.
RT @gneicco: Damn kids these days don't know how good they have it. Back in my day we had to shrink and wear out our own damn Levis.
Why hasn't someone just squashed Spider-Man with a giant shoe already?
RT @knot_eye: How to lose an argument with a woman.

1) Argue
RT @Martin1Williams: I can see exactly 6 years into the future. I have 2020 vision.
I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
RT @yoyoha: Children are a miracle. An annoying, whiny, constantly asking for things miracle.
RT @BillMc7: I support some things, BUT, I am against other things. Sorry. Sometimes I get political here.
You're as annoying as that app that turns sideways when I lay down.
There's no excuse for laziness..
but if you find one, let me know.
I left your Christmas gift under the tree. I hope you like it better than I did when I received it.
I'm about to take a hot shower.
That's like a normal shower, but with me in it. ;)
RT @sixthformpoet: It's so sad when a magician needs to sneeze, but can't get his hankie out quick enough because it's several miles long.
I have so much to do that I'm going to bed.
RT @meganamram: Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it
RT @cynicanoldicus: It's not the torch she carries for me that has me worried, it's the gas can in her other hand.
I've never been to jail but I did get stuck in a pair of skinny jeans at Old Navy once.
RT @Daffynitions: Justice: what we get when the decision is in our favor.
If tomatoes are technically a fruit, is ketchup technically a smoothie?
RT @Travon: So sad America ranks 25th in the world in math. But at least we're still in the top 10.
Love means never having to say anything because you're both too busy looking at your smartphones.
RT @RogerQuimbly: Thinking of becoming an evil genius. So far I can only see two stumbling blocks.
RT @BDGarp: If I only knew then what I know now but keep forgetting.
30% of women think their ass is too fat. 10% think it's too skinny. The other 60% say they don't care, they love him anyway.
RT @juicymorsel: Nice try, but I'll believe a salad is "to die for" when a convict chooses one for his last meal.
RT @mikeym00n: My favorite exercise is a combination of a lunge and a crunch. It's called lunch.
Kids getting a puppy soon? Name it what you want but, remember, this will be the answer to security questions for the rest of your life.
The only member of my family with a personal trainer is the dog.
I finally found a diet plan that works. It's called 'The Cost of Food'.
The rumors have finally stopped flying around here. They can't make it through airport security.
Stalking is when two people go for a long romantic walk together but only one of them knows it.
I'll never need a shrink as long as my friends tell me what's wrong with me for free.
RT @juicymorsel
I miss your absence.
Business idea: a home surgery kit called Suture Self.
RT @redherringbear
Short in the front, long in the back… pickup trucks are the mullets of automobiles.
RT @MrFornicator
The Fourth of July is an annual reminder of how useless my dog would be in a war.
RT @TVsAndyDaly
Every story worth repeating ends with the admonition, “Let’s never speak of this again.”
RT @juicymorsel
One of the 'World's Strongest Man' events should be "Pulling apart two shopping carts that are stuck together.
RT @Cheeseboy22
Some things are better left unsaid.  If only I could determine which things.
RT @Eagle_Vision
Sometimes, I feel as useful as a paramedic at the bottom of the Grand Canyon...
It is truly easier to forgive your enemies than figure out how to limit their access to your facebook page.
RT @blaudiablogan
I remember when yoga was called Twister.
RT @WilliamAder
Of all the possible utensils that could have been invented to eat rice with... How did 2 sticks win out!?
RT @newfylover1
Childhood is like being drunk, 
everyone remembers what you did, except you
RT @imapotato
We all think we're pretty smart until we try to turn on someone else's shower.
Relationships are a lot like algebra... Ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
RT @newfylover1
Early mornings are great for spending time with the family.  Then they spoil it by waking up.
RT @kellysdf
Wine improves with age.  I improve with wine.
RT @Eagle_Vision
Another World's Oldest Man has died. This is beginning to look suspicious.
RT @RogerQuimbly
The cool part about naming your kid is you don't have to add 6 numbers to make sure the name is available.
RT @MensHumor
As a woman, my wife doesn't always know exactly what she wants but she knows she's going to be mad as hell if she doesn't get it.
I just wish pictures and mirrors could agree on what I actually look like.
I broke up with my gym.  We were just not working out.
RT @Eagle_Vision
I bet the NSA's nickname for my mom is 'all caps in Florida'.
RT @marcmaron
An angry woman can pack everything she owns in an hour, but it will take her a week to pack for vacation? WOMEN.
RT @M_keny
Whenever I delete an app from my iPhone, the shaking icons make me think they're panicked over who's being cut from the team.
someeecards
One day I'll look up from my phone and realize my kids put me in a nursing home.
RT @VocabuLarry
I’d love to hear your long story. 

If you can make it short. 

And interesting.

RT @juicymorsel
Unless you fell off the treadmill and smashed your face, nobody wants to hear about your workout.
I under think everything.
RT @WendyLiebman
I have a condition that renders me unable to go on a diet.
I get hungry.
I've been around the block a few times. I forgot where I live.
RT @redherringbear
I wish conversations were like user agreements where I could skip to the end and just agree.
RT @michelleisawolf
I wish some of my co workers weren't allowed in the break room... Because that's who I usually need a break from.
RT @jennalynn518
Told the doctor I thought I had athlete's foot. He looked at me and said, "I don't think you have athlete's anything."
RT @WilliamAder
I'm running out of unproductive things to do at work.
Every warning label has an awesome backstory.
RT @OhNoSheTwitnt
You know you're stressed when you start getting on your own nerves.
She's so far out of my league she's playing for the other team.
RT @CroweJam
My exercise program consists of having a lot of stairs in my home and forgetting things.
RT @redherringbear
I don't have time to discuss all the lies in your name, jellyfishes.
RT @jwoodham
I'm ready to be a parent because I just told the oil change guy "no" 15 times in 30 seconds.
RT @FlyoverJoel
He said "Your obsession with cats is out of control. I can't handle it anymore."

She cried, "You're kicking meeeowt?"
When it comes to a battle with words I'm always ready to mumble.
RT @ImprobableEddie
Never bring a downhill run to an uphill battle.
RT @UnFitz
My wife is a water sign. I'm an earth. Together we make mud.
They say you need to listen to what your body is telling you. But mine just points and laughs.
On the 90th day of Christmas, my true love said to me: "You take Christmas too seriously."
RT @sixthformpoet
Now that I’m older, my memory is a mighty fortress. Nothing penetrates it.
RT @juicymorsel
Today is going so slowly my life is flashing before other people's eyes.
RT @debihope
We have nothing to fear except fear itself and toddlers asking “Why?”.
RT @IGotsSmarts
Beware of half truths... you may get the wrong half.
RT @newfylover1
You're annoying, but honestly, I've been annoyed by better.
RT @debihope
I don't think I've done a system update since 1998 but I've clicked "maybe later" 1,287 times.
RT @Cheeseboy22
Sixty percent of pit bull attacks occur between tying the bandana around its neck and putting the sunglasses on its face.
RT @badbanana
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are at things, but I laugh more.
RT @eyepluckeramit
Dora the Internet Explorer would often crash before arriving at her destination.
RT @IGotsSmarts
So the bad news is I got a little tipsy last night. It worked out though. When I walked across the dance floor I won the dancing contest.
Caller ID should be more detailed~ "Wants Help Moving" "Going to Whine" "Will Ask to Borrow Money"
RT @newfylover1
I just want to be as thin as my patience.
Gas prices aren't really that bad when you remember that you're essentially buying badass dinosaurs in liquid form.
RT @jwoodham
Girl Scout cookie season is scientifically timed to occur just as people are giving up on their New Year's resolutions.
RT @hipstermermaid
I'm sorry I got angry and said a lot of things I meant but shouldn't have said.
I would go the extra mile for you! ...in the opposite direction.
RT @newfylover1
They say that the first Black Hole was discovered in 1916, but marriage has been around a lot longer than that.
RT @MensHumor
Even on Valentine's Day, my secret admirers take the secret part seriously. Good for them.
RT @sixthformpoet
Sometimes I wrap myself in bows and call myself gifted...
RT @newfylover1
Don't get me wrong, I'm grateful to have a job. I just wish it wasn't THIS job.
That whole 'I'll scratch your back if you scratch mine' thing doesn't work so well with cats.
RT @MrWordsWorth
COMPUTER: Please wait while a wizard installs this program.

ME: There's a wizard in my computer??? Sweet!

RT @shadygeekdad
Cryogenics is nothing new. My landlord has been freezing bodies every winter for years.
First you're telling me to be myself, then you're telling me to stop being an idiot. Make your mind up.
RT @sixthformpoet
You guys are just like family to me. 

You know, dysfunctional. .

RT @PoorEvelyn
If age is just an attitude, I could use an attitude adjustment.
I've owned 3 Golden Retriever's and not once has one of them brought me any gold.
RT @DeanOkay
The recipe said "Set the oven to 180 degrees," so I did, but now I can't open it because the door faces the wall.
RT @Thedudish
A bunch of internet weirdos voted the new Monopoly piece to be a cat.  Well, there's a surprise.
RT @tanque
Apparently, California has the highest rate of Adultery and Depression. It's a sad State of affairs.
RT @Pundamentalism
You say you want to bring me back to reality. You're assuming I've been there before.
RT @UnFitz
I do charity work. I volunteer my opinion just about every day.
WARNING: Objects in profile pics are not as pretty as they appear.
RT @Scdavis24
Pick up lines for old people:  
Hey baby, you better call life alert, cause I’ve fallen for you and can’t get up.
RT @mlinhart
Hold that pose. My camera is ringing.
RT @cpinck
Having heard about deer antler spray, I now know how reindeer fly.
RT @MrWordsWorth
Now, I'm not saying you're an idiot. But everyone else is.
The kids text me "plz" Because it's shorter than "please". I text back "no" because it's shorter than "yes".
 RT @newfylover1
I have either gained a few pounds or there is a bowl of Jell-o following me.
RT @debihope
The best thing about telepathy is...I know, right?
RT @donni
You don't have to be crazy to work here. We'll train you.
Sometimes the first step to forgiveness is understanding the other person is a complete idiot.
The condensed history of a divorce:

I do. 

Ado. 

Adieu.

RT @juicymorsel
I'm counting on you, fingers.
RT @redherringbear
Maybe we should be focussing less on Goldilocks and more on why Mama and Papa bear don't sleep in the same bed anymore.
RT @shariv67
Couples who have been married a long time start finishing each others sentences. The most popular ending being "Shut the #%&amp;# up!"
Furniture that you purchase and have to assemble it, should be called, Divorce in a box.
RT @tryped
I can still remember a time when I knew more than my phone.
RT @clarkekant
Sometimes, when I don't want my girlfriend to find something, I put it in her purse.
RT @AndRyanTF
The problem with the world are the intelligent people are full of doubts while the stupid people are full of confidence.
Americans 2 biggest problems:
Getting a close parking place...
Getting more excercise...
RT @BabetteJones
Ever notice the roof of your car is the worst cup holder ever?
RT @Benjamin4501
We're like two pea brains in a pod.
RT @byronblurb
How dare you incinerate that I don't know big words.
RT @Brentweets
I could snap at any moment.   

Seriously, with either hand.

RT @Brianhopecomedy
The best nicknames are usually the ones people don't know they have.
Manti Te'o, Oprah would like to talk to you for a minute.
RT @curlycomedy
Men get frustrated because they don’t understand how women think. Women get frustrated because they understand how men think.
RT @MensHumor
I can do a fairly good impression of someone who cares about your problem.
RT @shanenicholson
Men say women should come with instructions..but what's the point of that? Have you ever seen a man actually read the instructions?
There's a lot to be said for being a man of few words.
RT @RogerQuimbly
Brownies ARE a health food...if you count mental health.
There may be no "i" in "team," but there are three in "narcissistic."
RT @shariv67
As I watched the dog chasing his tail, I thought "Dogs are easily amused." Then I realized I was watching the dog chase his tail.
Still waiting for one of Taylor Swift's ex-boyfriends to write a song called "Maybe You're the Problem"...
Honesty is the best policy. Unless you want people to like you.
RT @sixthformpoet
Google: I know everything. 

Facebook: I know everyone. 

Internet: Without me, you're nothing. 

Electricity: Keep talking fools.
After a holiday, the only thing that makes me happy to see the people I work with is having just been with the people I'm related to.
Measure once, panic twice.
If the Mayans have taught us anything, it is that if you don't finish something, it's not the end of the world.
The first step is admitting that the other person is the one with the problem.
RT @nayele18
I always thought by 2013 we would have flying cars. Instead, we have blankets with sleeves.
Next time you order coffee at Starbucks tell them your name is Bueller and then leave the store.
RT @DeanOkay
I'm going to lose weight. I'm going to exercise everyday. I'm going on a diet and I'll stick to it..
Hey, is that cake?
Don't complain to me. When I was a kid, we actually had to get out of the car and OPEN the garage door.
Scones are just biscuits that studied abroad.
RT @prodigalsam
I bought a book on obedience seven years ago, but it turns out the dog is a slow reader.
RT @juicymorsel
Sure, I remember playing doctor as a kid. What I remember most is all the little girls asking me to send them to a specialist.
The say you should test your fire alarm once a month. I try but it's costing me a fortune in houses.
I'm quick to jump to confusion.
RT @tech_pirate
Women forgive and forget but always make sure you don’t forget that they forgave you and forgot about it.
RT @vanderwangwe
I've had myself waxed 'down there'.

Now my socks slide on real easy.

RT @Robski_Boy
Isn't it ironic how the colors Red, White and Blue represent freedom - 
Until they're flashing behind you.
Holidays got you upset? Just take a deep breath and hold it for twenty minutes.
My resume is basically just a list of things I hate to do.
When I said I wanted to live life in the fast lane, I didn't mean the one with oncoming traffic.
Stupid autocorrect. 

You always end up posting some thong you didn't Nintendo.
A disaster is when your country has an obesity epidemic and a skinny jeans fad.
When I argue with my wife, I always get the last word. It's just that sometimes she can't hear it.
WARNING: The consumption of beer may make you think you are whispering when you are not. 
RT @MensHumor
Shoepidity... wearing ridiculously uncomfortable shoes just because they look good.
Unless you can be Batman, always be yourself.
RT @SGadea
I wonder how Police on bicycles arrest people...

"Alright, get in the basket."
I'm not a muffin top exactly... 
more like a busted can of biscuits.
Million dollar idea: Invest a billion dollars in Facebook.
RT @badbanana
A shepherd once told me to count his 37 sheep and then round them up. So I told him there were 40.
RT @kayaburgess: @sixthformpoet
Dear Santa,
For 2012, I'd like a fat bank account and a slim body. And please don't mix up the two like you did last year.
If you quit school, just remember two things.
1. You tried your best, and
2. I don't like pickles on my Big Mac.
Ten: Number of fingers children have. 

Twenty-six: Number of fingers children have when you try to put gloves on them.

RT @RummyLauded
Lazy People Fact #5812672794:
  
You were too lazy to read that number.
NASA would be a lot more popular if once in a while they'd fight some Klingons.
RT @JerryThomas
My plastic surgeon's new letterhead:.

"If life gives you lemons, a simple operation can give you melons.
If having dogs has taught me anything, it's how to eat cookies very quietly.
RT @EvilSchwartzie
A Haiku about getting out of bed;
 
No No No No No

No No No No No No No

No No No No No.
The boss just put me in charge of obeying him.
If you love someone, set them fee. If they don’t come back, call them up later when you’re drunk.
RT @MensHumor
Some people can have all the lights on and still be in the dark.
"What do we want?!"

"An existential crisis!"

"Why do we want it?"

RT @KevinFarzad
Childhood is like being drunk. Everyone remembers what you did, except you.
RT @MensHumor
If you're going to suck the life out of me, could you take some fat too?
Arm-wrestling is a nice way to make a friend look tough while holding his hand in public.
RT @sixthformpoet
Dads don't want much.  They just hope you'll be happy... and you'll never call while the game's on.
RT @kellysdf
True friends do not judge each other. They judge other people together.
The saddest day of my childhood was when the other kids told Santa Claus I wasn't real. 
RT @JerryThomas
My life is just a bunch of "it seemed like a good idea at the time" strung together.
I hate people who say 'Age is just a number' — Age is clearly a word.
RT @qwertying
Some people have 18 bumper stickers, because they don't know which one holds the car together.
RT @kellysdf
