When it's real, you'll know, you won't be confused about it.
Have faith that things will work out, maybe not how you planned but how it was meant to be.
Every new day is another chance to be a better person than you were the day before.
Stop letting it bother you, just let it go.
Everyone has gone through something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were. Be kind.
Don't regret anything; at one time, it was exactly what you wanted.
When your friends don't come to school http://t.co/Oez2EOhT3Y
Shit gets old. You get tired of trying to work things out. You get tired of giving chances. Sometimes you just have to let people go.
Things will get better. They always do.
There's never a "right time" to wait for. So whenever you get the chance, take a risk.
My biggest problem is that: 
I give people
Chance... 
After Chance... 
After Chance...  
After Chance...  
After Chance...  
After Chance...
Be good to the people who are there for you, they deserve it.
Its funny how day by day, nothing changes… but when you look back, everything is different.
You've got three choices in life. Give up, give in, or give it your all.
Speak the truth even if your voice shakes.
Be with someone who brings out the best in you.
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
When asking parents for money http://t.co/Z6LGL4xgil
Being nice to someone you don't like doesn't mean you’re fake, it means you're mature enough to tolerate your dislike for them
Don't rush things. Anything worth having is worth waiting for.
Breathe. It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
What comes easy won't last. What lasts won't come easy.
When your whole squad looks fresh http://t.co/TBwaH2ujZ8
Don't stress the "could haves." If it should have, it would have.
You have to fight your bad days to deserve your best days.
Good things happen when you distance yourself from negative people
Be thankful for all the difficult people in your life, and learn from them. They have shown you exactly who you do not want to be.
Every new day is another chance to be a better person than you were the day before.
Don't get burned twice by the same flame.
Just because something good ends, doesn't mean something better won't come along.
Never lie to someone who trusts you, and never trust someone who lies to you.
Never regret something that made you smile.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand
Running away from your problems is a race you’ll never win.
Be in love with your life.
These brownies shaped my childhood... http://t.co/50Vu2l1ZQF
10 out of 9 students have trouble in Math.
Biggest plot twist of all time http://t.co/BnsDyVEKJQ
The worst battle is between what you know and what you feel.
Revolutionary http://t.co/FO6tzl5V3O
I wish high school is as fun as it looks on TV
When grandma knits you a sweater http://t.co/nmEZtgmJJd
Going to school: late
Going to a doctors appointment: late
Going to a friends house: late
Going to a concert: 8 hours early
If anyone try's to pull an April fools joke on me today http://t.co/0kCseAIUBa
*puts earphones in*
me: 
me: 
me: 
me: 
me: 
me: 
me: 
me: 
me: 
me: oh right
me: *plays music*
My school supplies http://t.co/0QYoSOj2Tk
Hairdresser: do you like it?
Me: yes thank you 

*goes home and cries*
Don't feel sad over someone who gave up on you, feel sorry for them because they gave up on someone who would have never given up on them.
In order to be irreplaceable, you must always be different.
When someone texts you first http://t.co/BTV1HpFNDW
There's no reason to look back when you have so much to look forward to
If you're not doing what you love, you're wasting your time.
It’s better to let someone walk away, than to let someone walk all over you.
Do the work others aren't willing to do, and you'll get the things others will never have.
Don't give up just because things are hard.
No matter how dirty your past is, your future is still spotless.
Always smile more than you cry, always give more than you take, and always love more than you hate.
Accept your past with no regrets, handle your present with confidence, and face your future with no fear
Mistakes are a proof that you are trying so keep trying!
Every time... http://t.co/HbAmQGMNbE
Do what you love and love who you are
Heartwarming http://t.co/Oyd9dFNkso
Apology accepted, trust denied..
Beautiful http://t.co/VAnfYkudfu
Don't rush anything. When the time is right, it'll happen
Forget those who forgot you.
Your mistakes don't define who you are. What matters is how hard you try to fix those mistakes and right all your wrongs.
At the end of the day you decide your own happiness
Find someone who can make you smile and never give up on them
You can’t go back and change the past, so look to the future and don’t make the same mistake twice
Can't wait http://t.co/7J1i6gohJK
Things are going to be okay. Maybe not today, and maybe not tomorrow, but eventually it will all be okay
Don’t let irrelevant people get to you.
I just  
really,
really,
really,
really,
really,
really,
really,
really,
really,
really,
really,
really, 
really,
really,
really don’t care
Look at yourself before you judge others
When did we replace the word “said” with “was like”
Society: Be yourself
Society: No not like that!
So many feelings go unsaid.
Stop over thinking, stop worrying, stop complaining. Life is too short for all that.
Be real, Be yourself, Be unique, Be true, Be honest, Be humble, Be happy
Last day of school http://t.co/RxnJWOze3B
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right
Keep people in your life who truly love you, motivate you, and make you happy. If you know people who do none of these things, let them go
I refuse to be around people who interfere with my happiness.
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased. It can only be accepted
Don't stress about the future, it might not ever happen
Worry about your character, not your reputation
Until you are broken, you don't know what you're made of
Life only comes around once, so do whatever makes you happy, and be with whoever makes you smile
You won't have a positive life if you have a negative mind. Change your perspective
You might not get over it, but you'll get through it
I just wanna be happy
Don't let anyone's ignorance, hate, drama or negativity stop you from being the best person you can be
Never give up on something you really want
Life’s too short to wake up in the morning with regrets. So, love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don’t
This feeling sucks http://t.co/TMxCZLNJiK
Don't expect too much. It's always better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings, and emotions
Be weird.
Be happy.
Be grateful.
Be positive.
Be open minded.
Feel good.
They ignore you now, but they'll need you later
"Never say goodbye, because goodbye means going away, and going away means forgetting." - Peter Pan
Mistakes have the power to turn you into something better than you were before
Kill them with success and bury them with a smile
Emotions when waiting for someone to text back http://t.co/Euw5Uxm5q2
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't. Don't stress over things that don't matter. Don't worry about people that don't worry about you
I wish it was this easy http://t.co/pM6JIDGudT
Be the person that they're  afraid to lose.
Don't talk, act. Don't say, show. Don't promise, prove.
Don’t trust words, trust actions
Life is beautiful. So are you. Spread the word today
Can't wait for this movie
#22jumpstreet http://t.co/38ChAZUoeM
Never give up. Great things take time
Never waste your feelings on someone who doesn't value them
Every kid does this http://t.co/Sl3ZA9Ts79
Stop stressing, let go, and move on
Don't chase people. Be you and do your own thing and work hard because the people who belong in your life will come to you and stay
stop being afraid of what can go wrong and think about what can go right
Never lose sight of what means the most to you
Wishing I do well on the next test... http://t.co/BHPyiPf1BZ
Be positive or be quiet
Be with someone who makes you smile
Be the change you want to see in the world
Appreciate who and what you have today, because it could all be gone tomorrow
When I say I'll do homework later, I mean in going to copy a friend tomorrow morning
Keep people in your life who truly love you, motivate you, and make you happy. If you know people who do none of these things, let them go
There's no reason to look back when you have so much to look forward to
live more, complain less
more smiles, less stress
less hate, more blessed
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.
I hate when people ask what's wrong, and you actually don't even know
I'm getting that "I don't want to do anything" feeling
Learn to let go. Not everything in life is meant to stay.
Driving past school on the weekend http://t.co/7Uoe3AjRua
Why don't people promote what they love instead of bashing what they hate?
I hate when people assume things
Life is better when you're laughing
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Don't be perfect, be original
Don't worry, just let it go.

Karma will handle the rest ;)
Always love more than you hate
Society is funny. They ask you to be yourself and yet they judge you
I hate when I forget to press send and I'm sitting there like an idiot waiting for a reply.
I wish some nights lasted forever.
When I was younger, I wanted to be older. Now that I'm older, I wanna be a kid again.
Curse the people who apologize for something but keep doing it
Think positive and positive things will happen.
It's better to let someone walk away than to let someone walk all over you
Spread happiness today.
People are better when they act like themselves
When your friend is mad at you... http://t.co/AsbETHaRJK
Don't go back to less, just because you're too impatient to wait for the best.
Want to fall asleep faster?
Just decorate your bedroom like a classroom
Cute dog http://t.co/UA7vw3wXMf
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
Everything will turn out fine in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end.
If you can't stop thinking about it, don't stop working for it.
My life. My choices. My mistakes. My lessons. Not your business.
You had me at "Taco Bell."
Learn to let go. Not everything in life is meant to stay.
The happy people in life don't have the best of everything, but they make the best of whatever they do.
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.
R.I.P To Martin Luther King, Jr. He changed the world for the better and is my personal hero.
#Remember #MLKDay #RIP http://t.co/UqysRwPWWU
Never delete anyone's number. You never want a conversation to start with "Who's this?"
When I feel sad, I go to my happy place.... The fridge
People change like the seasons.
Life has no remote. Get up and change it yourself
Headphones in
Music on
Problems gone
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
It's not that everyone changes, it's just that some people grow up.
Car rides without music are awkward
Love More, Worry Less.
People who text back instantly are the greatest
Leave the past where it belongs
Don't stress
Do your best
Forget the rest
Don't look back when you don't want to see what happens.
Think happy. Be happy.
