Starting my site tomorrow. .came I don't have time for this weight gain situation
RT @NetanyaLewis: i stay putting 2 an 2 together and most of the time im right .
Bad decisions 
           With
Good intentions
Just had a dance performance..had everyone crying. Job well done
At the end of the day idgaf
Show time
RT @Kearnsvwk: People say you don't know what you've got until it's gone. The reality is, you knew what you had, you just thought you'd nev…
RETWEET If you went through this before http://t.co/EIreX1CKfc
RT @xx_romiya: getting compliments from cute GUYS , 😘😘😍😍😩☺️👌👍👍
RT @JustDoItJeff: I wanna go somewhere tonight
RT @XOXO_Missyy: Niggas be deleting they ex's number knowing damn well they know that shit by heart 😂😂
Bruh its  hot af outside
Bitch I'm hot
RT @alexussss__: 😂😂😂 like frfr this how them hoes be http://t.co/Pfb2wl3M1Q
RT @_takeeiteasy: shittin me, what's mines is MINES only .
RT @Love_ActualIy: Sometimes I wish I could read your mind. But then, I wonder if I could handle the truth.
RT @xox_lexiii: i have to stop letting other people cause me so much stress.
Watching paranormal activity while your high is probably not the best idea
Follow me please, I promise I'll follow you back ;)
I'm ugly right now  but idgaf
Ain't none of y'all bout that 6am morning gym workout
You get called a hoe for anything now adays
I did not feel like getting out of bed for school this morning
I hate when I'm texting ONE person and they want to take forever &amp; a day to reply. . Wtf
My mom always calling me. .wtf
I need new people to text
RT @_IamSulod: I hate waking up from naps cause I'm always confused like where am I what time is it is this earth where's my mom
I hate when people start to tell me something then say" never mind"
Ima do 2 minutes then go run my laps lol
This lady crazy af if she think I'm about to do this 5 minute plank..
I'm so sore from working out yesterday
My teachers are soo annoying
I hate my school
It's always a fight in dillard
I swear nobody wears clothes in key west. .everybody walks around naked
Wanna go back to the keys. .
Mr.billing talks too freaking much
She said she loves him..if only you knew
Hate school but I got goals
I stay humble. Pride is never good. Just have confidence
It's not called being rude it's called being honest
Need to start working out. .Sumer is right around the corner
Don't want to be in school right now
This inline class so stressful
My back tooth is killing me
I hate having typo errors in my tweets
Keep your personal life PERSONAL
I hate driving with someone under the influence. ..I don't feel safe
The fun doesn't stop here
If you gon tell me what a bitch said about me tell me who said it.if you not got tell me who said it then just don't tell me at all.
My mom always talking bout the house dirty when their don't be shit to clean
I love a consistent texter
I'm everywhere today I swear
On the road to success
Road trip!!!!
Follow me on ig ..and ask for a s/o 
(Shesloves_epiphany)
Add me on snapchat y'all (star_cocaine)
Niggas nut in the main bitch for three year straight and nothing happen.. but nut in the side bitch one time and end up with triplets
When you make plans with somebody and they not answering the phone or texting back. Wasting my time and shit.
I do this thing called "whatever the fuck I want"
RT @opnsouls: a thousand moments 
that i had taken for granted 
mostly cause i had assumed 
that there would be a thousand more
Chase after you?  Nah bitch I got asthma
Face down ass up
I hate having a boring conversation with somebody I actually want to talk to
Great workout!!!summer here I come.. http://t.co/jweyAZ4TkL
Hate when unknown numbers call me and hang up
Your phone ever been so dry you start going through your pictures????
Am I the only person who hasn't had chicken and waffles?
Home from the gym and my back is killing me
Eating chicken
I hate when boys say. "You mad or naw" ..it just sounds so homo
That April fools shit is not for me.I'll hit a bitch if they go to far
Amazing http://t.co/Nr3aoegQE6
I HATE Florida weather..that mf don't know what it want to do
If you cheat on me, that bitch better be shittin on my WHOLE life..
I think I drinked to much water
RT @YoSoyBendito: Lookin at hoes like, "Damn, that's gonna be somebody's wife one day. That's gonna be somebodies mother someday" smh
On my way to pick up my documents
I pray to God we can send these papers off by the end off his month
@IT_Just_SLiM Lol I got you
I hate that "what if" feeling
Gonna go cook spaghetti. I'm hungry
@A__Aphrodite followed you back
I'm so happy she did it for me
This boy really want to play.. lets plat mf
This lady could talk for a day and still have more stuff to talk about
My mom is really aggravating at this point
Always remember who was there for you when no one was
I just want to make everything better
its time for some changes
people dont change' they just learn to lie better
my mom is a joke I swear lol the things this lady says is out of this world
my mom always trying to clean. i swear she say she loves to clean but never seem to clean
ima try to stop cursing.its going to be so hard but ima try
bitch i will shame you if your riding a bike and trying to talk to me like the fuck
SOMETIMES ITS BEST JUST TO KEEP IT TO YOUTSELF
my mom be annoying the shit out of me i swear
shit just be getting on my nerves these days
Why cheat, when you could just leave..
Don't expect to get treated right when you been treating me wrong
Nothing more I hate than a slow texter...
Britches that think fighting is the answer to every problem. ....immature ass fuck
I hate people that can't take a joke
Bruh I swear I hate inconsiderate ass people
On my way to the gym with my nigga we finna get some work in
My mom always taking shit..I swear this lady could go on and on
I cried..im a big baby when it comes to needles
My vains sitting here hiding..a nigga tryna get this blood thing overwith
Why the freak is it so hard to fund my vain
Im so nervous
lord i know this blood thing is going to hurt..im bout to pee in my pants
It get to a point where playing games gets too old
People just be so sensitive these days..the way I talk is the way I talk..if you can't handle my mouth then just don't fuck with me
Bitches that ain't cute but always taking pictures....sit the fuck down
Just got in the house. ..kik ME (Love4ever060)
My real friends understands me fuck you if you dont
Nobody wants to be the second choice...never settle to be an option
Why the fuck can you depend on me but I can NEVER depend on You
This shit just don't make sense
Bruh her feet was so stank...I don't believe she knew her feet was was stank and still took off her shoes
He buys me this gorgeous dress with heels and a purse.He tells me to get ready At 6 we go on a date then he surprise me. This day was my day
I don't think this could anymore messy
He wants me to put away my phone and stop tweeting but I can't..
So he just said he wants yo take me on a cruise to the Bahamas for spring break..my mama gon have a fit
Out and about with dude..I swear he be really surprising me with these surprises
Oh you don't like me? Bitch I don't Care. I like me
Life is too short to be stressing over bullshit
I get passed off so easily. .I can't even control that shit.
I swear I don't have time for the foolishness
Hope my spring break don't be boring
Not a good combination to go to the mall when your trying to save money. .I swear this always happens
Sometimes you gotta just say fuck it and do what's best for you
Accepting the things you can't change is so difficult
Fuck the bullshit we both grown.
Add me on snap chat y'all

(@star_cocaine)
How you gon be my mama and take up for that bitch.fuck you and fuck him.
Dam. ..I always wait last Minute to do my homework
I feel kind of bad but then again I don't Gove a fuck because he deserved it.
This man really don't know what I'm capable of.this ain't what he looking for..
God forgive me
I don't believe this man...
I'm finally going to start waist training. ..real girl gonna look real fit
I got something for his ass..get his ass fired...
I don't believe this lady. .I really dont
Just when I thought family was something
You can't depend on anyone but yourself these days
She always taking up for other people. ..
Girls find out everything sooner..or later..
Just had a performance.  Job well done.
I'm not anti-social 
I'm anti-bullshit
Smile today because you woke up
I hate being late for school..shit
Only love for, what you would die for
I'm.sorry sorry don't mean shit to me no more
It's hard to forget someone who gave me so much to remember
Who wants talk..I'm bored at on this school night. .message me lol
Everyone has had sex before, and if you haven't then eventually you will. stop being childish when people talk about sex on Twitter
@maliachigh all down my tl and shit. Real Porn videos don't get as much views and comments as @maliachigh did.
I only got so much patience
It wouldn't hurt to be cuddled up under someone right now
I hate feeling like I need a person to be complete
My mom just text ME talking bout call me later I'm busy.I'm like okay wtf you doing this late and when the fuck did you learned how to text
Idk what my mom be doing with her life that she act like she too busy to pick up my phone calls
I tend to to tweet ALOT when I m bored
Just when you thought boredom couldn't strike any harder
I'm not messy and I don't condone into that shit, but I'll be dam if I let a hoe or a pussy nigga fuck with me
The worst feeling is hiding your feelings
When someone says they miss me I be so quick to say I miss them back.
I'm watching cheaters and this white boy yelling at his girlfriend talking about BYE FELICIA.lol I'm done
Does anyone want to be my friend tonight?  No? Okay..
You'll never be on the same level I'm on. .why..because we have different motives.while you want fame I want success
I hate talking to people that can't hold a decent conversation
I refuse to entertain stupidity
I hate when a bitch decide to text 2 hours later then get mad when I respond 4 hours later..bitch you getting mad,you lucky I even responded
The high way is the place for me..I'll speed up 125 on yo ass and you ain't even know it
Dam..she dry like the Sahara dessert..
The fuck he think this is..this ain't the swap bitch. .find your way back home
Lmaooo after all this time now you decide to finally realize what you had. .nah baby boy I've moved on...
Boys that think their players......NOT
How you gon start shit and expect me not to finish it. You must be loco
If he act like he can't text might of fact go on his phone around BITCH GET OUT CAUSE HES CHEATING
Bitch I'll fuck yo hoe then turn around and beat you and yo hoe ass..I'm not the one to play with
I guess you can call it a crush
So there's this guy........
Dam bra..these thots be shocking my ass..I would have never expected that from her.I swear
You never  know who a person really is until you go through their phone
You think you just gon get respect...no m'f you gotta earn that shit
These tweets are ridiculous. .do y'all think  before y'all tweet
Every female ain't  hoe..but every female ain't wifey material either
I wanna go out tonight..I refuse to be stuck in this house
My parents failed to realize that I'm a pretty good kid compared to these other teenagers these days
RT @toots2much: People rly be worrying abt me &amp; how I'm living , but I'm doing jst fine 💁 I'm breathing &amp; living w|no worries 😉
People that's living double lives. In two or more relationships at a time with got shit better to do with their lives
Some females get to meet the mom ONLY because you have to pass her roo to get to his
Why lie!!! Just be real with a nigga
My phone been dry af lately. .all this unlimited shit.
All I ask of you is to simply keep it 100 .is that to much to ask?
