Everything that we see is a shadow  cast by that which we do not see.
Everything that is beautiful and noble is the product of reason and calculation.
Thinking is more interesting than knowing, but less interesting than looking.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Best, Beautiful, Heart The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort.
It is easy to get everything you want, provided you first learn to do without the things you cannot get.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so, too.
Thinking is more interesting than knowing, but less interesting than looking.
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Universe, Else, Pick When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe.
If you have ten thousand regulations you destroy all respect for the law.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
To have great poets, there must be great audiences.
Beauty, Future, Belongs The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
I never worry about diets. The only carrots that interest me are the number you get in a diamond.
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves.
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
You may lose the people you love, you may lose the things you have. But no matter what happens, NEVER LOSE YOURSELF!
Goodbye without reasons is the most painful one. Love without reasons is the most beautiful one.
A real relationship has fights, trust, faith, tears, pain, arguments, patience, secrets, jealousy and LOVE!
Love is the most beautiful thing to have, hardest thing to earn and most painful thing to lose.
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Everything that we see is a shadow cast by that which we do not see.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
The time is always right to do what is right.
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
Crocodiles can climb trees: researchers http://t.co/LkCmhPgJOC
