One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team. -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
A friend is someone who can see the truth and pain in you even when you are fooling everyone else.
i'll cut someone off quicker than i met them
One of the happiest moments in life is when you find the courage to let go of what you can't change.
I miss you, and it's killing me.
Really liking someone kinda sucks because you’re either really happy or really sad.
I'm afraid you'll find someone prettier, smarter, cooler, taller, skinnier, nicer, calmer, stronger, better than me.
11:11 doesn't do shit. If you really want your wish to come true, work towards it.
when you spell a word so wrong that spell check is like i dont know what to tell u man
I need to stop over thinking so much and creating all these imaginary problems in my head.
If you don't try, you will never know.
I hate the feeling when you don't reply to my texts. It makes me think that you're talking to someone better.
why I don't like people: 1% logical reason 99% I just don't
If you kiss my neck, you know what's happening next.
It takes so much self control for me not to write, “you sure about that?” under Facebook engagement announcements.
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
I don't care how attractive you are. If your personality is ugly, so are you.
Stop stressing, let go, and move on.
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do. -Derek Jeter
It's amazing what happens when you just won't give up.
If you are afraid of failure you don't deserve to be successful! -Charles Barkley
Do what is right, not what is easy.
If someone really likes you, they will never hurt you.. but if they do, you can see it in their eyes that it hurts them too.
Make the present good, and the past will take care of itself. -Knute Rockne
Why thigh gaps aren't important: -Beyoncé doesn’t have one -do you really need any other reason?
RT if you want to win #SpinnrTaylorSwift VIP tix! Just tweet your favorite Taylor Swift line with the hashtag. 💕
Real boyfriends stand by their girls on good days, and stand even closer on bad days, no matter what.
If we date, let's make it last.
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives. -Jackie Robinson
A relationship where you're completely comfortable, there's no awkward moments, you can be weird, and all y'all do is laugh &gt;&gt;&gt;
Most games are lost, not won. -Casey Stengel
❒ taken ❒ Single ✔ Don't care anymore.
Sports is the toy department of life. -Jimmy Cannon
Who wants to win #SpinnrTaylorSwift VIP tickets? Just tweet your favorite Taylor Swift line with the hashtag. 💕
I am the greatest person you will ever meet, also the worst.
eyebrows could either make you or break you
I wanna sneak out in the middle of the night and drive to the middle of nowhere and lay on the roof of a car and stare at the stars
If a person isn’t a dog person, they’re a person I don’t want in my life.
Experience the experience for the experience.
The one that works the hardest comes out on top. -Debbie Meyer
Before you pray: BELIEVE Before you speak: LISTEN Before you spend: EARN Before you write: THINK Before you quit: TRY Before you die: LIVE
Baseball is ninety percent mental &amp; the other half is physical. -Yogi Berra
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
I'm always hungry... or tired... or both.
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide that for yourself.
Some men suceed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard
• BE STRONG — when you are weak. • BE BRAVE — when you are scared. • BE HUMBLE — when you are victorious.
There is always room at the top.
Let go and let GOD!
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best. -Tim Duncan
It may be alright to be content with what you have, but never with what you are.
If you have everything under control, you're not moving fast enough. -Mario Andretti (race car driver)
Two days are not enough for a weekend
I bet Monday wears his cell phone on the side of his belt.
"i can see your bra" good. its cute and i paid $50 for it
Hard days are the best because that's when champions are made. -Gabby Douglas (gymnast)
Find the good. It's all around you. Find it, showcase it &amp; you'll start believing in it. -Jesse Owens
After each game, I want to be able to say: I gave it all I could, I gave it my best. -Unknown
the more sexual and inappropriate you are with me the better we’ll get along
You are successful the moment you start moving toward a worthwhile goal.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
There will always be someone that tells you that you can't do something. Your mission is to prove them wrong.
You can have RESULTS or excuses NOT BOTH.
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say "watch me".
It's not whether you win or lose - but whether I win or lose. -Sandy Lyle
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. -Beverly Sills
You say "procrastination". I say "ingenious avoidance".
Girls need to understand it's not that we don't trust them. We just know what those "guy friends" really want.
ATMs should require you to pass a breathalyzer before you can make a withdrawal after midnight. #HungOver
The strength of the team is each individual member. The strength of each member is the team.
I wish my natural hair was pretty so I could just wake up in the morning &amp; not have to do anything with it.
In order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, &amp; effort. -Jesse Owens
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -Arnold Palmer
Play hard, train harder.
This beer tastes like I'll be texting you later. #DayDrinkOrGTFO
#LifeTruth Douchebags are everywhere.
L. ive E. veryday to A. chieve your D. reams
Wake up with DETERMINATION. Go to bed with SATISFACTION.
I either eat nothing or eat everything there is no in between
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win. -Roger Bannister
Sports Do Not Build Character...They Reveal It. - John Wooden
tattoo's are sexy af but u gotta know ur limit
i wanna get super rich so i can do cool stuff like tip waiters $1000 or pay off people’s student loans for fun
*laughs while actually getting feelings hurt*
You don't get what you wish for, you get what you work for.
When life gives you lemons, just add vodka.
Do you wanna see your biggest opponent? Look in the mirror.
I used to wish my dog could talk...then I realized all the crazy shit he's seen me do.
The only thing that follows work is results. - Ray Lewis
God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can &amp; the wisdom to know the difference.
(A)dversity (T)alent (H)ard work (L)ethal (E)nergetic (T)ough (E)lite
i dont even have guilty pleasures anymore i just like stuff and if people have a problem with that they can go fuck themselves
You can do more. You can always do more. -Dan Marino
Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period. -Lou Holtz
Do you ever just see the first sentence of a text message and just think “oh fuck no I do not have time for this shit”
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself. -Muhammed Ali
Only those who risk going to far can possibly find out how far one can go. -T.S. Eliot
Sweat is what happens when your fat is crying.
Success isn't something that just happens - success is learned, success is practiced and then it is shared. -Sparky Anderson
Bring me bacon and I'm yours.
Everything I got, I am willing to sacrifice -Ray Lewis
Be strong in body, clean in mind, lofty in ideals. -James Naismith
I’m so old, I remember when vodka only came in vodka flavor.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. -Michael Jordan
Love is playing every game as if it's your last. -Michael Jordan
Can you live in that moment... with clear eyes &amp; love in your heart, with joy in your heart? If you can you're perfect. -Friday Night Lights
RICK!!! YOU FUCKING BADASS!!!
Carl is always being a jackass
i use sarcasm to mask the fact that i want to fall off the face of the earth
This game is incredible
what do people do on dates and are dates even a thing???
Never Never Never Never - Give Up
No matter how weak you feel, stay strong.
kinda wanna be in a relationship kinda wanna set everyone on fire
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, &amp; a hard-to-find alloy called guts. -Dan Gable
Success is the prize for those who stand true to their ideas. -Josh S. Hinds
People only do their best at things they truly enjoy. -Jack Nicklaus
A person who wants something will find a way; a person who doesn't will find an excuse.
1) Think positivly 2) Exercise daily 3) Eat healthy 4) Work hard 5) Stay strong 6) Worry less 7) Pray more 8) Be happy
I wish I had speakers built inside my shower
"I need my beauty sleep" Bitch, you need to fucking hibernate.
Why are you going to choose failure when success is an option? -Jillian Michaels
Holy March Madness
Eighty percent of success is showing up. -Woody Allen
Wasn’t puberty supposed to make me hot
You underestimate my ability to eat everything.
MAKE YOUR FREE THROWS
if youre hot and you think Im hot then you need to speak the fuck up
When your legs give out, play with your heart ♥
I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying. -Michael Jordan
Benefits of dating me: You’ll be dating me. I could go on, but I think I’ve made my point.
It is not true that nice guys finish last. Nice guys are winners before the game even starts. -Addison Walker
You and your opponent want the same thing. The only thing that matters is who works the hardest for it. -Unknown
do u ever wish you could unread a book or unwatch a movie just so you could go back and experience it all again as if it were brand new
dating tip: don't
Eat Clean, Train Dirty.
Want to drive a woman crazy? Get over her.
The only workout you'll ever regret is the one you didn't do.
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence.
Don't stop when it hurts, stop when you're done!
I would date you but I'm in a relationship with food and Netflix.
Impossible isn't a fact, it's an opinion.
If at any point in the conversation you say the word “insane,” I will silently add “in the membrane.”
You find that you have peace of mind when you know that it was a 100% effort that you gave, win or lose. -Gordie Howe
Follow your hopes and not your fears.
Trust your coach. Trust your team. Trust yourself.
✔ LOVE GOD ✔ LOVE PEOPLE ✔ LOVE YOURSELF
Just so you know, I'm the type of person who is always hungry.
To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift. -Steve Prefontaine
I believe that good things come to those who work. -Wilt Chamberlain
Success isn't permanent &amp; failure isn't fatal. -Mike Ditka
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.-Oliver Wendell Holmes
(P) persistence (A) addiction (S) seriousness (S) searching for glory (I) integrity (O) optimism (N) nothing interfers
► Pain heals ► Chicks dig scars ► Glory lasts forever. — Vince McKewin
It's not about the shoes. It's about what you do in them. -Michael Jordan
Don't play for what your jersey says on the back, play for what it says on the front.
RT if you see a slut on your timeline.
"Is it food time yet?" - My brain, all day
Attention people who respond with “k”: Settle down, your enthusiasm is overwhelming.
It is not age; it is not diet. It is the will to succeed. -Jacqueline Gareau
In sports you don't get what you wish for, you get what you work for.
DICIPLINE is just choosing between what you want NOW and want you want MOST.
Don't smoke cigarettes, there are cooler ways to die
A winner is someone who recognizes God's given talents, develops that talent into skill, and uses that skill to reach their ultimate goal.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
how do people rap i cant even talk without messing it up
can i log out of life and come back when im attractive
My bracket looks worse than my ex
It's not the urge to surpass all other at whatever the cost, but the urge to serve others at whatever cost. -Arthur Ashe
So many people never get anywhere in life because when opportunity knocks, they're in th backyard looking for 4leaf clovers -Walter Chrysler
Every day you have to test yourself. If you don't, it's a wasted day. -Terry Butts
It WILL hurt. It WILL take time. It WILL require dedication and sacrifice. But it WILL be worth it.
my talents include being able to sit on the toilet for 30 minutes being distracted by my phone
Dedication + Hard Work + No excuses + God = Success
Wear shirt once: Dirty Wear hoodie every day for three months: Still clean.
Be yourself, you already have the costume.
There are only two options regarding commitment; you're either in or you're out. There's no such thing as life in-between. -Pat Riley
Hard times are tough to deal with, but tough people deal with them.
I'm not an alcoholic, I'm a liquor explorer.
STRENGTH doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from OVERCOMING the things you COULDN'T -Rikki Rogers
WOW... MARCH MADNESS IS INSANE!!!
I've failed over &amp; over &amp; over again in my life &amp; that is why I succeed. -Michael Jordan
Concentrate on your strengths instead of your weaknesses, on your powers instead of your problems. -Paul J. Meyer
do you ever just wear headphones so people won’t talk to you
There's always somebody saying you can't do it, and those people have to be ignored. -Bill Cartwright
Luke Handcock, making white guys everywhere proud.
Limits like fears are often just an illusion - Michael Jordan
RT if your bros are as close as family.
Some people dream of success... others stay awake to achieve it. -Unknown
The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others. -Don Shula
Stay strong. It's almost Friday!
It is better to be defeated on principle than to win on lies. -Arthur Calwell
If you are afraid of failure you don't deserve to be successful! -Charles Barkley
Never throw me anything unless you're OK with me dropping it.
Spending the rest of my life trying to find someone I love as much as my bed.
You can make excuses or you can make it happen.
